Add hydra_endpoints relation interface (#45)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/hydra_endpoints/v0/README.md

# `hydra_endpoints`

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Please add a one-liner `## Overview` section above this one.

This relation interface describes the expected behavior of charms claiming to be able to provide or consume a hydra endpoint.

The interface will provide admin and public endpoints, in case any other charm belonging to the IAM bundle requires them both.

## Direction

The interface will consist of a provider and a requirer. The provider is expected to supply its public and admin endpoints,
while the requirer will just read the information from the application databag.

```mermaid
flowchart
    Requirer ----> Provider
    Provider -- hydra_admin_endpoint, hydra_public_endpoint --> Requirer
```

## Behavior

Both the requirer and the provider need to adhere to a certain set of criteria to be considered compatible with the interface:

### Provider

- Is expected to serve admin and public API endpoints 
- Is expected to write the public and admin URLs to the application databag.

### Requirer

> - Is expected to consume the relation data by updating its config file with the received endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is expected to consume the relation data to set up integration with Hydra.
```

# `hydra_endpoints`

## Usage

This relation interface describes the expected behavior of charms claiming to be able to provide or consume a hydra endpoint.

The interface will provide admin and public endpoints, in case any other charm belonging to the IAM bundle requires them both.

## Direction

The interface will consist of a provider and a requirer. The provider is expected to supply its public and admin endpoints,
while the requirer will just read the information from the application databag.

```mermaid
flowchart
    Requirer ----> Provider
    Provider -- hydra_admin_endpoint, hydra_public_endpoint --> Requirer
```

## Behavior

Both the requirer and the provider need to adhere to a certain set of criteria to be considered compatible with the interface:
- The provider must be able to supply admin and public endpoints

> - There are no criteria for the requirer as it's supposed to just consume the relation data.

Reviewer 2: those 2 lines aren't necessary as the subbullets below will describe those same behaviors

### Provider

> - Is expected to write the public and admin URLs to the application databag.

Reviewer 2: This feels minimal, the provider should probably serve something?

### Requirer

> - Is expected to consume the relation data.

Reviewer 2: This feels minimal, what should it do with those URL's

## Relation Data

### Provider

[\[JSON Schema\]](./schemas/provider.json)

#### Example

```json
{
"application_data": {
  "admin_endpoint": "admin-endpoint",
  "public_endpoint": "public-endpoint"
}

> }

Reviewer 3: Nit: something isn't right with the indentation here

# `hydra_endpoints`

## Usage

This relation interface describes the expected behavior of provider ([Ory Hydra](https://github.com/canonical/hydra-operator))

> and requirer ([Ory Kratos](https://github.com/canonical/kratos-operator)) sides of relation.

Reviewer 2: Here I'd use the same as other relation interfaces: `This relation interface describes the expected behavior of charms claiming to be able to provide or consume an hydra endpoint`

> Kratos requires `oauth2_provider` parameter in order to be able to interact with Hydra. This parameter is the Hydra's admin API endpoint,

Reviewer 2: This explanation is unnecessary here but can be in the PR description to add context

which will usually be exposed through Ingress using `traefik-k8s` charm.
The interface will provide admin and public endpoints, in case any other charm belonging to the IAM bundle requires them both.

> The purpose of this relation is to facilitate integration between the two charms by passing the endpoints from Hydra to Kratos.

Reviewer 2: This sentence seems also unnecessary here

> For now, the only known requirer is Kratos and Hydra is the only provider, however the interface may be reused by other charms,

Reviewer 2: Again, not needed here

as long as they provide or require admin and/or public endpoints.

## Direction

The interface will consist of a provider and a requirer. The provider is expected to supply its public and admin endpoints,

> while the requirer will just consume the information.

Reviewer 2: `just consume` is too abstract

```mermaid
flowchart
    Requirer ----> Provider
    Provider -- hydra_admin_endpoint, hydra_public_endpoint --> Requirer
```

## Behavior

> The provider must be able to supply admin and public endpoints. There are no criteria for the requirer as it's supposed to just consume the relation data.

Reviewer 2: I'd use the generic `Both the Requirer and the provider need to adhere to a certain set of criterias to be considered compatible with the interface.` and add details in the subbullets

### Provider

> - Is expected to send the public and admin URLs to the interface.

Reviewer 2: `send to the interface` is not really precise, `write to the application relation databag` seems more accurate

  The url is expected to have the following structure:

>     > `http://[traefik-hostname]:[traefik-port]/[app-name]-[model-name]/`

Reviewer 4: The URL is not required to have this structure, this is true only if the user is using charmed traefik to access Hydra

    

### Requirer

- Is expected to consume the relation data.

## Relation Data

### Provider

[\[JSON Schema\]](./schemas/provider.json)

#### Example

```json
{
"application_data": {
  "admin_endpoint": "admin-endpoint",
  "public_endpoint": "public-endpoint"
}
}
```

### Requirer

[\[JSON Schema\]](./schemas/requirer.json)

> #### Example

Reviewer 2: There shouldn't be anything here as far as I understood the rest of the interface.
